The Joe Rogan experience. Now,
one of the things that's happened to you that has allowed people to discredit
you was, there's obviously been some sort of an effort to erase your past.
Yeah. Some sort of an ire, uh, an effort to erase your education history,
your employment history Alamos. In fact,
the only way your employment history was proven that Los Alamos was someone got
a list of directory of the employees from the past and read into it.
And you were on that list. So it proved that you worked there,
even though people were trying to deny it.
And they were trying to use that as a way to discredit you,
that you never did work at Los Alamos. You weren't really the scientist.
What was, what was that like to experience? I mean,
of course we're talking about the 1980s, the 1990s,
when you could get away with something like that.
Yeah. I obviously there were a lot less, uh,
a lot less records on computers at that time. It was still file cabinets and,
and folders. But, uh, yeah, that was frightening.
That was one of the first things that happened. I think it's,
I think George nap was the first one that uncovered that. I mean,
he saw my birth certificate disappear. He, um, it disappeared.
Yeah. But there was no record of you.
Being yeah, there was, there was no record of that. There was, uh, his mom.
No record me. His mom tells me about that. Like, it was frightening for her,
for, he's got a real family, you know, he's a real person,
it was frightening her.
But even the Los Alamo thing really surprised me and that they were so adamant
that no, this guy never worked here. Don't be ridiculous.
And George went back and forth, you know, for, for,
I got the letters on the wall. Yeah. Months. I mean, it, it was ridiculous,
but fortunately, somebody came up with a 1982 phone book directory,
I mean, and also, uh, originally I told you, uh,
you know, when I worked there, I was on the front page of the, the paper. Yes.
So they were still able to archive, you know, break,
bring that back from the archives. And you know, Bob Lazar,
a physicist working here at Los Alamo. Also, there was at least something there,
but, uh, somehow George came up with the, the phone directory and.
Then, then Bob took George with cameras into Los Alamos.
Oh yeah. Yeah. So we flew out there and I said, look, come on in,
I'll show you where I worked. We'll go in, we'll meet people.
And George went with me and, you know, filmed inside and you navigate the place.
So you don't oh yeah. You know, met people and you know, and Los Alamos.
Was also the place where they had the machine that was able to read the,
the size of your digits.
No, no, that was, that was S four.
That was S four. And explain that.
So now this was back in the eighties, and this.
Is back in the eighties where, when you discussed this, people were like,
this doesn't even exist. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. What was it? It was a way, you know,
this is before fingerprint and scanners and you know, and anything of
anyth any high resolution scanner at that time. So what it was,
was a device that, uh,
had a little picture of a hand on a glass plate with pins in it.
So you could jam your hand in there and there was a bright light above it and a
sensor underneath. And when you put your hand in there,
the light would turn on and it would measure the bones in your finger because
the light shown through your bones. And apparently
the length of the bones in your fingers are extremely unique and easy to
measure. And they used that when you put your hands on there,
the light would turn on and your badge would pop out. Is it right there? Oh,
there it is. That's, that's it. And I tried to describe this, um,
to people and they said that is the most ridiculous thing we've ever heard. And,
um, I said, Hey, that my badge came out of that thing. I put my hand on it,
badge popped out. And that's how I could open the doors and get into S four.
And, um, you know.
And everybody discredited that they said it was with science fiction.
And Jeremy, you found this.
I, I found it through a good friend of mine named Tyler rogue away.
And he had some good sources inside of area 52,
where they also used these for the stealth program right around that time.
So now out all these people that worked within who, you know,
said only if you're in certain programs, would we use this technology?
It was kind of. Actually.
They didn't keep it for very long beginning of biometrics.
So I was able to reveal it in my film.
I kept my mouth shut until I showed it to Bob, you know,
in the movie is the first time he saw it was how you see it in the documentary.
That's his genuine reaction. I'm getting goosebumps.
I was great at yeah. The way you did it.
Thank you man. Because you know what, guess what I'm,
I'm actually trying to see if he's telling the truth. That's how I started,
you know, that's how I started.
So it was really cool to see that and that you get to see it, his actual.
Reaction has that been verified by other people? Yeah.
So, yeah. So to me it has, uh,
personally I get emails every day and people are telling me where these are used
and how they're used in the semi photos.
I got a lot of photos of identity mats now. Well, how they.
Were used, right. They're.
Not used how they were used. They're not using anything. Yeah. But, uh,
I don't the most recent one was way more recent than I thought in another
country. But yeah, that technology was used. So what's so funny is,
um, that this technology, even in the area of 52 or,
or they'd use 'em for, to paw, one of the guys who will go on camera with me,
he will do an interview with me. He was a technician for one of these and,
and he hated them cuz they were really bad. They always broke down and never,
and he was a technician for him. Now he won't tell me where,
if he worked at area 52. So it's probably tone paw.
It's very separated even on base. But yeah. So.
There was that. Yeah. There is your education record.
That was also like what happened with that?
Well, that disappeared also, you know that I I've, I've never gone.
I've never gone anywhere for education. I've never gone.
I never attended in eight classes at Cal tech. I never attended anything at MIT.
You did attend classes in those places.
I did attend classes in those places. Do.
You know anybody that you went to school with.
That? Yes I do.
And have they verified that they went to school with you? Well.
I gave Jeremy some names, but peop yeah. I,
the reason I don't say these names publicly is because every single time
I mention a name, somebody gets in trouble. You don't want.
To be of course.
Yeah. Yeah, of course. Um, but what,
what is that experience like seeing your birth certificate erased,
seeing your employment.
History? Well, its frightening. It's, it's absolutely.
Frighten, but it's also the fuel that the debunks use.
The so-called air quote skeptics. I don't like the term skeptics.
I'm gonna say this publicly. Cause I really only said this privately.
I think it's a sloppy, lazy way to look at things, to just be a skeptic.
I want people to be objective and I think there's a lot of things you should be
skeptical of. I think you should,
you should look at things and look at things from a hard
line science perspective. You should be objective. But the idea of skeptics,
the problem with that is you're always looking for things to be. Yeah.
And I think that's dangerous cuz I think some things aren't.
It's confirmation bias on the other end. You're just,
I need to take a square thing and put it in a round hole no matter what.
And I find a lot of them to be lazy. Yeah. A lot of them to be lazy thinkers.
Sure. Because they're always putting it into that box instead of going. Hmm.
Instead of just separating their ego, they're trying,
they're playing a game and the game is calling.
I wanna call and I'm gonna line up all these reasons why I it's.
And I'm gonna ignore anything that might be contrary to that definition. Yeah.
That doesn't every time I'm thinking I'm gonna catch him in something, you know,
all along this process. Um,
I found Dr. Crangle he came forward and said I was in security briefings with
Bob Lazar, the physicist at Los and Alamos.
He went on the record with me now the other people I talked with,
why won't they go on the record with me?
Cuz they're still working there <affirmative> so that that's the difference,
right? What is the, what can the public have? Right. Or even.
If they're not working there, you know, they wanna live their lives. Why?
I mean, obviously people have seen what's happened to you Mike.
Thick pin after 30 years. Yeah. Really.
If you look at all the information on, you know, concerning my accounts,
that's, that's very,
it can't possibly be a story anymore.
It's really way past that point. Yeah. I mean that was my Mike Thigpen is,
I mean, how could I possibly know?
Uh,
so Mike Thigpen was the guy that did the security clearances to go
to the BA one of the guys that was used. And this is the guy that you worked.
With. He's said.
He did. Right? And, and George NA you know, George didn't believe him.
George put him through four polygraph tests. Right. He tried to see, man,
this is a big risk. It sounds interesting.
But let's see if he's telling the truth. One of the things was, Bob said,
there's a guy named Mike, thi penny did security clearances for the base.
And that's a weird name. It's a very specific for 30 years.
George found this guy in this weird department that he didn't even know it was
my thick pin, but the guy wouldn't talk to me,
ghosted him totally ghosted for 30 years used Facebook and Google image match
through his children. I was able to find him after 30 years.
And I talked to him three times on the phone. He lives on the east coast.
He almost went on camera with me,
confirmed that he did security clearances for the base in 1989. Confirmed.
He remembers Bob Lazar.
And what you don't know is there's a handwritten note that a friend of yours has
from Mike. What that I know I'm gonna give it to you later. I don't. But that,
that is actual. So a handwritten note that says what, you know,
like this is new to me. So, so when the, I, when you're.
When they do security cl clearances, they go.
Through all your friends and family and they go to your friends. Yeah. Yeah.
So this is too Bob and I had people come to me for a friend of mine.
That's serving and they're doing a security clearance for him.
And even like the UFO guy, uh, they did, you know,
the FBA come and visit my house and make sure that they talk about my friend and
they lift a little card. And when my wife told him to get away,
cause he didn't know who they were. They left a little card. It's super cute.
Now back then it was a handwritten note and his friend has it for him that you
haven't seen in. Oh my God. Two decades. So you're listening.
You're telling me it is now. I don't know why I'm telling this.
What is this card? It's just a little handwritten note with Mike thig.
Pin's signature on your card. Like a, like a, like a postcard,
like a piece of paper that he left on the door saying when Bob gets back or
whatever it says on it. So it's just another little funny thing.
I found the guy, he does the security clearances. He admitted to me, he did it.
And he admitted to me, he was dodging George NA,
because when George said his name on the, on the, on the news,
he dropped his fork into his steak, earned his potatoes or whatever.
And he's looking at his wife, he was in trouble.
His name's never supposed to be out there.
Like it's just a security clearance guy,
but you don't want national attention associated with anything. Bob has to say.
But anyway,
this unique name Bob said for 30 years and the guy ghosted George nap,
George could prove he existed. He actually talked to me, man.
He talked to me three times. He almost went on camera with me. It's just crazy.
What, what do you, what happens after 30 years? You just get more info.